Shopping and checkout behavior funnels allow you to identify drop-off points in
the overall shopping process and also within specific checkout steps.
These funnels also allow you to create segments and to remarket to
users based on where they progress through the shopping flow or fall out.
Let's use shopping behavior funnel as an example to look at how easily you can
create a segment that you can then also use to create a remarketing audience.
Here we are in the Shopping Behavior Analysis report in the e-commerce section of
GA. You can see there are some really powerful funnel steps that are visualized here.
For example, cart abandonment.
These are people who added items to their cart but never made it to the checkout process.
We can simply click here on cart abandonment and create a new segment.
Once we do that, we can apply that segment to
our other reporting in GA. Like other segments,
it will persist until removed,
as in this audience overview report now with cart abandoner segment applied.
Once you have a segment applied to a report in Google Analytics,
it's a simple matter to click the down arrow and build an audience of that segment.
As long as you have linked products such as
Google ads or displayed video 360 formerly double-click bid manager,
where you can share retargeting audiences,
it really is simple.
If you want to dynamically remarket your users with
product-specific ads based on the items they viewed and/or abandon in their cards,
be sure to reference Eric's lesson on dynamic remarketing in course two.
When I click, it's going to bring me to the audience builder,
and it's going to populate the segment data into the audience tool.
I can configure the membership duration,
which I want to set at about two weeks.
So, I'll add 14 days here.
I need to give the audience a name.
We'll call cart abandoners.
We'll hit Next step,
and then I have to select the destination.
I'm going to share it with an AdWords account
for using Google Display Network retargeting,
and then I can publish this audience and use it for remarketing. Powerful stuff.